= RMilk Console Client

== Description

RMilk Console Client is a very simple console ruby application
that can help you to interact with your remember-the-milk lists.
It allows you add, remove, edit tasks, complete them e.t.c.

== Installation

    sudo gem install rmilk

== Usage

The basic idea is very simple. You can request a list using filters
after that you can process tasks of the response list.

For example:
rmilk -l Inbox #gets all tasks from the list 'Inbox'

it will print you something like this:
0 Task1
1 Task2

You can do something like this:
rmilk -complete 0 #complete Task1
rmilk -uncomplete 0 #uncomplete Task1
rmilk -postpone 0 #postpone Task1
rmilk -delete 0 #delete Task1
rmilk -e 0 -p 1 -d today #edit Task1, set its priority as 1 and its due as today

The indexes will be correct till you requst another list.
This means that you can do rmilk -uncomplete 0.

If you forgot your current list you can alwas do:
rmilk -res #will print you 0 Task1, 1 Task2

A more complex search example:
rmilk -l Inbox -d today -s completed #all from inbox with due = today and status = completed

You can move tasks from one list to another:
rmilk -m 0 -l Home #move Task1 to the list 'Home'

I added a concept of the next actions list. You must create a list named Next if you
want to use it.

There is a simple shortcut for this purpose:
rmilk -next #rmilk -l Next

It is very simple to add a new task:
rmilk -a New Task Title -t Inbox

If you don't specify the list your tasks will be added to the next actions list.

There are some more useful commands:
rmilk -history  #your previous commands
rmilk -hd 1 #execute the command 1 from your history list


Input rmilk -help in your console to look at some examples of using it.
== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Victor Savkin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
